README.md, before:

# speakeasy-go-sdk
Go SDK for parsing API requests and responses for any API framework using native http library

## Installation

```shell
go get github.com/speakeasy-api/speakeasy-go-sdk
```

Speakeasy uses [Go Modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules) to manage dependencies.


## Basic configuration

Configure Speakeasy at the start of your `main()` function:

```go
import "github.com/speakeasy-api/speakeasy-go-sdk"

func main() {
	speakeasy.Configure(speakeasy.Configuration{
		APIKey:     "YOUR API KEY HERE",     // retrieve from future Speakeasy dev dashboard
		ProjectID:  "YOUR WORKSPACE ID HERE" // workspace id
		KeysToMask: []string{"password"},    // optional, mask fields you don't want sent to Speakeasy
		ServerURL:  "localhost://3000",      // optional, don't use default server URL
	}

    // rest of your program.
}

```


After that, just use the middleware with any of your handlers:
 ```go
mux := http.NewServeMux()
mux.Handle("/", speakeasy.Middleware(yourHandler))
```

Commit message:

Update Go SDK readme, add optional arguments section. (#6)
Co-authored-by: Nolan Sullivan <ndimares@Nolans-MBP.attlocal.net>

README.md, after:

# speakeasy-go-sdk
The Speakeasy Go SDK for evaluating API requests/responses. Compatible with any API framework implemented on top of Go's native http library.

## Installation
> Speakeasy uses [Go Modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules) to manage dependencies.

```shell
go get github.com/speakeasy-api/speakeasy-go-sdk
```

## Minimum configuration
Configure Speakeasy at the start of your `main()` function:

```go
import "github.com/speakeasy-api/speakeasy-go-sdk"

func main() {
	speakeasy.Configure(speakeasy.Configuration {
		APIKey:     "YOUR API KEY HERE",     // retrieve from future Speakeasy dev dashboard
	})
	// rest of your program.
	mux := http.NewServeMux()
	mux.Handle("/", speakeasy.Middleware(yourHandler))	
}
```
## Optional Arguments
The only required argument to the Speakeasy configuration is your API key. There are some optional parameters which you can choose to include. The full list is found below:
```go
speakeasy.Configure(speakeasy.Configuration {
		APIKey:   "YOUR API KEY HERE",  // Initialize with value from Speakeasy dev dashboard
		PathHints:  "REGEX EXPRESSION",  //Regex expression for discovering new API endpoints
	})
```
